Docs: added keyword MAXIMUM_POWER in eCalc YAML keyword list. (#391)
equinor/ecalc: docs/docs/about/references/keywords/MAXIMUM_POWER.md

# MAXIMUM_POWER

[MODELS](/about/references/keywords/MODELS.md) / 
[MAXIMUM_POWER](/about/references/keywords/MAXIMUM_POWER.md)

## Description

> `MAXIMUM_POWER` is an optional constand maximum power (MW) that the compressor train can provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MAXIMUM_POWER` is an optional constant giving the maximum power (MW) that the compressor train can use.
```

## Functionality

 It is an optional setting and supported for compressor train models [SIMPLIFIED_VARIABLE_SPEED_COMPRESSOR_TRAIN](/about/modelling/setup/models/compressor_modelling/compressor_models_types/simplified_variable_speed_compressor_train_model.md), [VARIABLE_SPEED_COMPRESSOR_TRAIN](/about/modelling/setup/models/compressor_modelling/compressor_models_types/variable_speed_compressor_train_model.md), [VARIABLE_SPEED_COMPRESSOR_TRAIN_MULTIPLE_STREAMS_AND_PRESSURES](/about/modelling/setup/models/compressor_modelling/compressor_models_types/variable_speed_compressor_train_model_with_multiple_streams_and_pressures.md).

> 

Reviewer: Also valid for single speed compressor trains

Author: SINGLE_SPEED_COMPRESSOR_TRAIN was added in MAXIMUM_POWER Functionality.
